What was William Frederick Cody better known as?
Moore's law originally stated that the number of transistors on a microprocessor chip would double every...
When was the programming language C# released?
On which computer hardware device is the BIOS chip located?
Which of the following languages is used as a scripting language in the Unity 3D game engine?
All of the following programs are classified as raster graphics editors EXCEPT:
The computer OEM manufacturer Clevo, known for its Sager notebook line, is based in which country?
What did the name of the Tor Anonymity Network orignially stand for?
On which day did the World Wide Web go online?
What does the acronym CDN stand for in terms of networking?
Generally, which component of a computer draws the most power?
Which coding language was the #1 programming language in terms of usage on GitHub in 2015?
What is the name of the default theme that is installed with Windows XP?
In the programming language Python, which of these statements would display the string 'Hello World' correctly?
In HTML, which non-standard tag used to be be used to make elements scroll across the viewport?
In CSS, which of these values CANNOT be used with the &quot;position&quot; property?
In computing terms, typically what does CLI stand for?
What does LCD stand for?
Which operating system was released first?
Which of the following is a personal computer made by the Japanese company Fujitsu?
.at is the top-level domain for what country?
What is known as &quot;the brain&quot; of the Computer?
What does the term GPU stand for?
What is the main CPU is the Sega Mega Drive / Sega Genesis?
Which of these people was NOT a founder of Apple Inc?
When did the online streaming service Mixer launch?
What does the term MIME stand for, in regards to computing?
The name of technology company HP stands for what?
Approximately how many Apple I personal computers were created?
In programming, what do you call functions with the same name but different implementations?